README.md, before:

# **WHAT I LEARNED IN  WEEK 1** 


## `MARKDOWN TO HTML` 

Converted Markdown portfolio to HTML. We made a HTML file and copied the markdown equivalent to HTML. We used the live server to preview our progress. 

I commented out the portfolio in markdown on the html file using control + forward slash. This made it easy to easier to copy markdown to html line by line. 

___

## `INTRO TO HTML`

We were exposed to the skeleton structure of HTML. It is very important get the skeleton right in order for the HTML file to be rendered the right way.
 We got used to using closing tags and self closing tags like <img src .../>

 There are some benefits of using HTML instead of markdown like making forms and CSS compliments HTML in order to make websites look pretty. 


___

## `THE ADVENTURES OF LINK` 

I really enjoyed this activity as it allows us to be creative. We made several html files and added them to the <href> tag so that links would lead to other pages being opened. 
I started off by making jokes and then when I got the hang of it...
I decided to add an image of a maths question with four possible answers. I made 4 html links for those answers leading to advice on the answer. On all four links, there was an option to go back to the original question. 

___

## `HUMAN RESOURCES`

___

## `FLOW CHARTS`

<!-- jkhejifhdijghrjfg -->

Commit message:

content added to human resources and flow charts

README.md, after:

# **WHAT I LEARNED IN  WEEK 1** 


## `MARKDOWN TO HTML` 

Converted Markdown portfolio to HTML. We made a HTML file and copied the markdown equivalent to HTML. We used the live server to preview our progress. 

I commented out the portfolio in markdown on the html file using control + forward slash. This made it easy to easier to copy markdown to html line by line. 

___

## `INTRO TO HTML`

We were exposed to the skeleton structure of HTML. It is very important get the skeleton right in order for the HTML file to be rendered the right way.
 We got used to using closing tags and self closing tags like <img src .../>

 There are some benefits of using HTML instead of markdown like making forms and CSS compliments HTML in order to make websites look pretty. 


___

## `THE ADVENTURES OF LINK` 

I really enjoyed this activity as it allows us to be creative. We made several html files and added them to the <href> tag so that links would lead to other pages being opened. 
I started off by making jokes and then when I got the hang of it...
I decided to add an image of a maths question with four possible answers. I made 4 html links for those answers leading to advice on the answer. On all four links, there was an option to go back to the original question. 

___

## `HUMAN RESOURCES`

The human resources activities engaged our problem solving skills in preparation for javascript. It got us thinking about the tasks in hand and instructions needed to solve certain tasks.

___

## `FLOW CHARTS`

Flow charts forced us to think about processes and the steps involved in solving problems. It taught me that simplifying a problem enables us to understand a problem and the different actions, decisions, inputs and outputs that could be involved.

<!-- jkhejifhdijghrjfg -->
